{"findings":[{"id":"F1","severity":"critical","file":"scripts/onrestart-launch.ps1","line":395,"title":"Verification can pass using unrelated Claude processes","detail":"The check counts every claude process whose StartTime is within the last two minutes. It does not use the captured $before count, correlate processes with launched lanes, verify cwd or command line, or require that the processes were created by this invocation. Existing or concurrently started Claude processes can therefore satisfy $started -ge $expected even when every requested tab ran nothing.","recommendation":"Snapshot process IDs before launch, then verify exactly one new, still-running process per lane. Correlate each process to the expected repository and invocation using command-line/parent-process evidence or a per-lane startup handshake. Do not use a time-window count as proof."},{"id":"F2","severity":"high","file":"scripts/onrestart-launch.ps1","line":306,"title":"Blocked lanes are excluded from both verification and final failure status","detail":"Missing paths or session stores are reported as REFUSING, but execution continues with only $launchable lanes. $expected is later set to $launchable.Count, so the script can exit successfully while one or more selected lanes were never launched. This contradicts the stated resume-every-lane behavior and lets Scheduled Task history report success for a partial failure.","recommendation":"Unless an explicit partial-launch option was requested, exit nonzero whenever $blocked is nonempty. Verification must use the complete requested lane set, and the final result should enumerate failures per lane."},{"id":"F3","severity":"high","file":"scripts/onrestart-launch.ps1","line":157,"title":"Session precheck treats any JSONL filename as a resumable session","detail":"A zero-byte, truncated, corrupt, stale, or otherwise unusable *.jsonl file makes Sessions greater than zero and permits --continue. Claude may then reject it or silently create a new session, while the later process-count check still reports VERIFIED. Thus neither the precheck nor final verification proves that a previous conversation was resumed.","recommendation":"Validate that at least one candidate session is nonempty, structurally readable, and eligible for Claude continuation. After launch, require positive evidence that the intended existing session ID was opened rather than merely observing a Claude process."},{"id":"F4","severity":"medium","file":"scripts/onrestart-launch.ps1","line":369,"title":"Start-Process argument serialization is unsafe for configurable names and paths","detail":"Start-Process joins ArgumentList elements into a native command line without reliably preserving argument boundaries. Configurable lane titles and paths containing spaces or quotes can be misparsed by wt.exe; crafted quote or separator content can also alter the Terminal command sequence. The current seeded paths happen not to contain spaces, but registration and hand-edited configuration allow them.","recommendation":"Use robust native argument quoting for every value, reject control characters and quotes in lane names, validate paths, and test names and repository paths containing spaces. Prefer an invocation mechanism that preserves an explicit argv boundary or construct the command line with Windows-compatible escaping."}],"release_verdict":"NO-GO","verdict_reason":"The central verification can report success without attributing any newly started process to this launch, and partial or non-resumed launches can also exit successfully. That directly violates feature 078's requirement that no check pass without actually running and verifying its subject."}
